README.md, before:

# Food Reservation System

a simple food reservation system with python language using django rest framework.

## Setup To Run

first install requirements;

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

then run the program in you desired port for example 8000

```bash
python manage.py runserver 8000
```

### Test APIs

* To register new user, send a post request with username, password, password2, email, first_name and last_name to below address: 
(notice that username and email must be unique.)

```
http://localhost:8000/auth/register/
```

* To login send a post request with username and password:
```
http://localhost:8000/auth/login/
```

* If you forget your password, you can reset it by sending an email to the following address:
```
http://localhost:8000/auth/password_reset/
```
then enter the received token and a new password:
```
http://localhost:8000/auth/password_reset/confirm/
```

* also its possible to see list of menus and orders by sending your token:
```
http://localhost:8000/auth/menus/
http://localhost:8000/auth/orders/
```

Commit message:

Create API to add, delete and edit menus

README.md, after:

# Food Reservation System

a simple food reservation system with python language using django rest framework.

## Setup To Run

first install requirements;

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

then run the program in you desired port for example 8000

```bash
python manage.py runserver 8000
```

### Test APIs

* To register new user, send a post request with username, password, password2, email, first_name and last_name to below address: 
(notice that username and email must be unique.)

```
http://localhost:8000/auth/register/
```

* To login send a post request with username and password:
```
http://localhost:8000/auth/login/
```

* If you forget your password, you can reset it by sending an email to the following address:
```
http://localhost:8000/auth/password_reset/
```
then enter the received token and a new password:
```
http://localhost:8000/auth/password_reset/confirm/
```

After logging, you can use the following APIs:

* Add a new menu with sending a post request consist of food_name, date and amount:
```
http://localhost:8000/menus
```

* Remove a menu with sending a delete request and id:
```
http://localhost:8000/menus/id
```

* Edit a menu with sending a put request and id, and also food_name, date and amount as body:
```
http://localhost:8000/menus/id
```

* Show list of all menus by sending a get request:
```
http://localhost:8000/menus
```
